net: lib: nrf_cloud: Add support for manual provisioning with key generated on device (#29749)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/nrf_cloud/README.rst

The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PROVISION_CERTIFICATES` Kconfig option allows you to use hard-coded CA and device credentials stored in unprotected program memory for connecting to nRF Cloud.

.. important::

>    The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PROVISION_CERTIFICATES` Kconfig option is not secure, and must be used for testing and demonstration purposes only, never in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PROVISION_CERTIFICATES` Kconfig option is not secure and must not be used in production.
   It is only for testing and demonstration purposes.
```

.. _wifi_nrf_cloud_standard_onboarding:

Onboarding a device with the device credentials generated on device
===================================================================

To onboard your device with the device credentials generated on the device, follow :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_credentials_keygen_onboarding`.

Onboarding a device with the device credentials generated on the host machine
=============================================================================

With this method, the device private key and certificate are generated on the host machine and then installed onto the device over the :ref:`TLS Credentials Shell <zephyr:tls_credentials_shell>`.
Use it only when on-device key generation is not available.

> .. warning::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. caution::
```

.. _wifi_nrf_cloud_standard_onboarding:

Onboarding a device with the device credentials generated on device
===================================================================

To onboard your device with the device credentials generated on the device, follow :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_credentials_keygen_onboarding`.

Onboarding a device with the device credentials generated on the host machine
=============================================================================

With this method, the device private key and certificate are generated on the host machine and then installed onto the device over the :ref:`TLS Credentials Shell <zephyr:tls_credentials_shell>`.

> Use it only when on-device key generation is not available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this method only when on-device key generation is not available.
```

.. caution::
   This method is less secure than :ref:`generating the key on the device <wifi_nrf_cloud_standard_onboarding>`, which is the recommended approach.

>    Because the private key is created on the host machine, it exists outside the device and can be copied or leaked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Because the private key is  generated on the host machine, it exists outside the device and can be copied or leaked.
```

=============================================

It is possible to onboard your devices using hard-coded device credentials.

> .. warning::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. caution::
```

>    Hard-coded credentials must be used for testing only and must never be used in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Hard-coded credentials must not be used in production.
```
